Happiness arises from positive relationships with people.
The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years. People grow old by deserting their ideals.
Children should know how to manage pocket money and make the most of it.
We must recognize that there is a diversity in human gifts.


































































































































Is it socially desirable or acceptable to change certain genes of a normal human individual to alter or enhance traits?
It is important on a daily basis to give your body a stretch to help improve your circulation and prevent injuries.











































































































The boomerang could be thrown into the air to imitate a hawk, causing birds to get frightened and fly into nets where they were caught.
For decades, critics ahve been predicting the death of classical music, suggesting that the classical music audience ahs grown old with no younger generation to take tis place.
I couldn't recognize her art first, not having seen her for 15 years or so.
AN enormous hole is opening in the ozone layer, reducing the earth's ability to protect life from deadly ultraviolet radiation.
Globalization today is affecting people's lives in all countries, rich and poor, altering not just global systems but everyday life.
You learn social skills by interacting with your peers, learning what's acceptable and what's not acceptable.
The early volunteers devoted themselves to hours of unpaid work for the poor and helpless, never minding that few appreciated what they were doing for society.















































If trials are televised, a huge audience will be made aware of cases, and crucial witnesses [who would otherwise be ignorant of a case may play their potential role in it.
The current spirit of cooperation among various branches of the sciences has led to a number of discoveries [which might not otherwise have been made].
Sixty years ago, nobody would have imagined that pet cloning would become the fastest growing business in the veterinary science field.
In a normal year they would have successfully finished their job hunting while still in their final year of university.
The ideal society would enable every man and woman to make the best of their inborn possibilities.
A slight slip of his hand would have meant instant death for the patient.
Just a fraction nearer the sun and the Earth would be a furnace like Venus.
It would be imprudent, (not to say foolish), to rely on your instincts and intuition all the time.
Invented 10,000 years earlier, the camera could have recorded the last Ice Age.
As a source of exchange, innovation and creativity, cultural diversity is as necessary for humankind as biodiversity is for nature.
I encourage travel to as many destinations as possible for the sake of education as well as pleasure.
We are as dependent on water to drink as we are on air to breathe but we know even less about groundwater than we know about the weather.
Managing the economy well is as important to society's progress as learning to read is to an individual's education.
It is important, not so much to give a man bread, as to put him in the way of earning it for himself; not to give direct aid, but to help others to help themselves.
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































end

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































